There are good times ahead of you.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
Tread softly.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
What the eye does not see, the heart does not grieve for.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
You will be fortunate in everything you put your hands to.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
You will make a profitable investment.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
Your home is a pleasant place from which you draw happiness.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
Happy people need no particular cause to be happy.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
Caution at first is better than tears later.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
Your first instinct will be valid.\
						Chineese fortune cookie
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.\
						Robert Byrne
The difference between art and science is that science is what we\
understand well enough to explain to computer. Art is everything else.\
						Donald Knuth
The difference between an orator and a bag of wind is whether you agree\
with him or not.\
						William Rotsler
The difference between antiques and junk is who's running the garage sale.\
						Funny Funny World
The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're called.\
Cats take a message and get back to you.\
						James Dent
The beginning is the most important part of the work.\
						Plato
All that mankind has done, thought, gained or been: it is lying as in\
magic preservation in the pages of the books.\
						Thomas Carlyle
Part of the happiness in life consists not in fighting battles but in\
avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.\
						Norman Vincent Peale
To err is human; to forgive, infrequent.\
						Franklin P. Jones
If you put the cart before the horse, you will have trouble finding the reins.\
						Dell Official Crossword Puzzles
The moving finger writes and, having writ, moves on, transferring its\
message to a T-shirt.\
						A. H. Berzen
Absence makes the heart go wander.\
						Betsie Barr
Gather ye rosebuds where you may; florists are very expensive.\
						Kenneth Kahn
Marry in haste and everyone starts counting months.\
						Hal Chadwick
Think no evil, see no evil, hear no evil - and you will never write a\
best-selling novel.\
						Dan Bennet
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man a helluva big nuisance.\
						Joseph Lozanoff
The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship.\
						William Blake
Anticipating is even more fun than recollecting.\
						Malcolm S. Forbes
On the edge of a precipice, only a fool does cartwheels.\
						James DePreist
Where is home? Home is where the heart can laugh without shyness.\
Home is where the heart's tears can dry at their own pace.\
						Vernon G. Baker
About the only beneficial thing in smoking is that it repels gnats and\
mosquitoes. Which only proves you don't have to be big to be smart.\
						Paul Sweeny
When it comes to wonder, beauty and mistery, fantasy is a pale imitation\
of the real world.\
						David Gates
Every fragment of song holds a mirror to a past moment for someone.\
						Fanny Cradock
When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the\
very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics,\
this is anything.\
						Dwight D. Eisenhower
No noise is so emphatic as one you are trying not to listen to.\
						C. S. Lewis
In every real man a child is hidden who wants to play.\
						Friedrich Nietsche
Most arts require long study and application, but the most useful of all,\
that of pleasing, requires only the desire.\
						Lord Chesterfield
All serious daring starts from within.\
						Eudora Welty
The entire sum of existence is the magic of being needed by just one person.\
						Vii Putnam
Enough is abundance to the wise.\
						Euripides
The greatest natural resource that any country can have is its children.\
						Danny Kaye
Isn't it strange that we talk least about the things we think about most.\
						Charles A. Lindbergh
One of the best things people can have up their sleeves is a funny bone.\
						Richard L. Weawer II
God does't have to put his name on a label in the corner of a meadow\
because nobody else makes meadows.\
						Cecil Laird
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so.\
						Orben's Current Comedy
Be like a postage stamp - stick to one thing until you get there.\
						Josh Billings
A cliche is only something well said in the first place.\
						Bill Granger
If people concentrated on the really important things in life,\
there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.\
						Doug Larson
Imagination is a good horse to carry you over the ground -\
not a flying carpet to set you free from probability.\
						Robertson Davies
Memories are the key not to the past, but to the future.\
						John and Elizabeth Sherrill
It is easy enough to hold an opinion, but hard work to actually know\
what one is talking about.\
						Paul F. Ford
The only way to see a rainbow is to look through the rain.\
						Pullman Leasing Co.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in\
the small ones.\
						Phillips Brooks
If you can't be kind, at least be vague.\
						Judith Martin
Fame changes a lot of things, but it can't change a light bulb.\
						Gilda Radner
The person who has everything usually sits next to you in the doctor's\
office.\
						Tammy Welder
A two-week vacation with four kids in a tent makes you appreciate the\
serenity of the work place.\
						Doug Larson
No food tastes as good as the food you eat when you're cheating on a diet.\
						Al Batt
People in the phone booth rarely have short conversations.\
						Philip Lazarus
Just when you think you see the whole picture of life clearly, the\
channel changes.\
						Arnot L. Sheppard, Jr.
If you're in a strange city, the first person you ask for directions will\
inevitably be another visitor to the city.\
						Wilma D. Flud
Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.\
						Sydney J. Harris
It's not the bears and bulls on Wall Street that make you lose money.\
It's the bum steers.\
						Gene Brown
When people say, "That's the way the ball bounces," they're usually\
the ones who dropped it.\
						Los Angeles Times Syndicate
If you're good even when nobody's looking, that's integrity.\
						Los Angeles Times Syndicate
When mailing a package containing breakable objects, always label clearly:\
"Fragile. Please throw underhand."\
						Truman McMahan
Why is it that the only glasses that break are crystal, but the gas-station\
freebies have lasted ten years?\
						Diane W. Bavin
Silences make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying but\
the never needing to say is what counts.\
						Margaret Lee Runbeck
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly and just not\
think about your age.\
						Lucille Ball
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple. Only God can count all the apples\
in one seed.\
						Robert H. Schuller
To carry care to bed is to sleep with a pack on your back.\
						Thomas C. Haliburton
The right to do something does not mean that doing it is right.\
						William Safire
To touch a child's face, a dog's smooth coat, a petaled flower, the rough\
surface of a rock is to set up new orders of brain motion. To touch is to\
communicate.\
						James W. Angell
I will say this about being an optimist - even when things dont turn out\
well, you are certain they will get better.\
						Frank Hughes
September is the turning point - the time that takes us home.\
						Rod McKuen
Through sports, a coach can offer a boy a way to sneak up on the mistery\
of manhood.\
						Pat Conroy
Tact is rubbing out another's mistake instead of rubbing it in.\
						Farmers' Almanac
Sometimes in the dark you see what you want to see.\
						Roger Ormerod
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.\
						Malcolm S. Forbes
Children are the living messages we send to a time we will not see.\
						John W. Whitehead
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it.
But I don't like Spam!!!!
Don't tell me what you dream'd last night for I've been reading Freud.
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to PUNT.
He is considered the most graceful speaker who can say nothing in most words.
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
Mind your own business, Spock.  I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore!
'Home, Sweet Home' must surely have been written by a bachelor.
A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone\
somewhere is having fun.
A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.
A conservative is one who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A gift of flower will soon be made to you.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Jack.
A king's castle is his home.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A liberal is someone too poor to be a capitalist\
and too rich to be a communist.
A man forgives only when he is in the wrong.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A soft drink turneth away company.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Academy: A modern school where football is taught.
Actors will happen in the best-regulated families.
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All in all it's just another brick in the wall...
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
America's best buy for a nickel is a telephone call to the right man.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
And I alone am returned to wag the tail.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
As goatherd learns his trade by goat, so writer learns his trade by wrote.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, If God won't have you, the devil must.
Auribus teneo lupum.  (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
Baby...         -- The Late Elvis Presley.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Been Transferred Lately?
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.
Blessed are they that run around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels.
Business will be either better or worse.\
						Calvin Coolidge
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?  Yes, work never begun.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Charity:  a thing that begins at home and usually stays there.
Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Continental Life. Why do you ask?
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
DAMN IT, I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
Death:  to stop sinning suddenly.
Department meeting in 3 minutes.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Don't despair -- your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.
Don't eat yellow snow.
Don't force it, use a bigger hammer.
Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Education helps earning capacity.  Ask any college professor.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
Every purchase has its price.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
Everybody ought to have a friend.
Everybody ought to have a maid.
Everyone is enthusiastic about your work.
Everything you know is wrong!
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Fidelity:  A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
Finagle's Law:  The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
For a good time, call 8367-3100.
Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
Genius is the talent of a man who is dead.
Go directly to jail.  Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
God does not play dice.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
Greatness is a transitory experience.  It is never consistent.
Hackers of the world, unite!
Women add worries, subtract money, multiply heartaches and divide friends.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Have you locked your file cabinet?
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
He who invents adages for others to peruse\
takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Houdini escaping from New Jersey!
How can you work when the system's so crowded?
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How untasteful can you get?
How was Thomas J. Watson buried? 9 edge down.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
How you look depends on where you go.
I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than an administrator.
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I must have slipped a disk; my pack hurts.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I will never lie to you.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If you ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
Ignore previous thought.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
Institute: An archaic school where football in not taught.
Integrity has no need for rules.
Is this really happening?
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to have loved and lost -- much better.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's later than you think.
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
LISP:  To call a spade a thpade.
Laugh, and the world ignores you.  Crying doesn't help either.
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
Liar:  One who tells an unpleasant truth.
Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells AWFUL.
Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
Long life is in store for you.
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love is in the offing, said the homicidal maniac.
Love is in the offing.  Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Love the sea?  I dote upon it - from the beach.
Make it right before you make it faster.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Many are called, few are chosen.  Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many pages make a thick book.
Many receive advice, few profit from it.
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you\
out of Casablanca.
Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your half-breed interference.
Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.
Money may buy friendship but money can not buy love.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Never give an inch!
Never insult an alligator until you have crossed the river.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
Nothing in life is to be feared.  It is only to be understood.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the Legislature.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world really isn't out to get you.
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
People humiliating a salami!
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
Peters hungry, time to eat lunch.
Philosophy:  unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Please go away.
Power is poison.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Quack!
Quit work and play for once!
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
Replace repetitive expressions by calls to a common function.
Rotten wood can not be carved\
					    Confucius (Analects, Book 5, Ch. 9)
SEMPER UBI SUB UBI !!!!
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Save gas, don't eat beans.
Save gas, don't use the shell.
Save yourself!  Reboot in 5 seconds!
Sign on bank:  "FREE BOTTLE OF CHIVAS WITH EVERY MILLION-DOLLAR DEPOSIT."
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Snow Day - stay home.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.
Sturgeon's Law:  Ninety percent of everything is crud.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
That must be wonderful! I dont understand it at all.
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That's what she said.
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
The door is the key.
The early worm gets the bird.
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
The future isn't what it used to be. (It never was.)
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The man who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The plural of spouse is spice.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The program is absolutely right; therefore the computer must be wrong.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
The time is right to make new friends.
The universe is laughing behind your back.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The world is coming to an end...  SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There is a fly on your Dimension!
There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
There is no time like the pleasant.
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
There's no room in the drug world for amateurs.
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
They just buzzed and buzzed.....buzzed.
This fortune is inoperative.  Please try another.
This is a good time to punt work.
This screen intentionally left blank.
Those who can, do.  Those who cannot, teach.  Those who cannot teach, HACK!
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who in quarrels interpose must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who talk don't know.  Those who don't talk, know.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
To criticize the incompetent is easy;\
it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To teach is to learn.
Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Too clever is dumb.\
						Ogden Nash
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Trruthful:  Dumb and illiterate.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.  It is especially good today.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Trying to get an education here is like trying to take a drink from a fire hose.
Two men look out through the same bars; one sees mud, and one the stars.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
Volcano - a mountain with hiccups.
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Watch out for off-by-one errors.
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
We learn from history that we do not learn anything from history.
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
What happens when you cut back the jungle? It recedes.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do it.
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask "Why?".
Who are you?
Who is W. O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
You are being paged.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You auto buy now.
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You do not have mail.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have mail.
You look tired
You now have Asian Flu.
You should go home.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will never know hunger.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You'll be called to a post requiring high ability in handling groups of people.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your code should be more efficient!
Your computer account is overdrawn.  Please reauthorize.
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your salary will be increased.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
